Add metrics useful for Partial Data Columns (#21)
ethereum/beacon-metrics: metrics.md

| `beacon_kzg_verification_data_column_batch_seconds`               | Histogram | Runtime of batched data column kzg verification                                 | On batched data column kzg verification |
| `beacon_custody_groups` | Gauge | Total number of custody groups within a node | On updating custody group count |
| `beacon_custody_groups_backfilled` | Gauge | Total number of custody groups backfilled by a node | On syncing |

> | `beacon_engine_getBlobsV2_requests_total` | Counter |  Total number of `engine_getBlobsV2/V3` requests sent | On sending `engine_getBlobsV2/V3` requests | 

Reviewer: wouldn't we want a brand new metrics for getBlobV3? mixing the two sounds like a bad idea

Author: No opinion, but I'll add some considerations:

1. v3 is the same as v2, with the exception of partial responses, which gets its own new metric.
2. Existing dashboards don't need to change, the graph still shows complete responses in both v3 and v2.
3. This related thread: https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/pull/33404#discussion_r2630306495.

Reviewer 2: I'm also not a fan of `V2/V3`. Keep in mind that some clients have already implemented `beacon_engine_getBlobsV2_requests_total` and `beacon_engine_getBlobsV2_responses_total` (see [this comment](https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-metrics/pull/14#issuecomment-2392264289) in #14). These metrics are already on mainnet. So, deleting them would be a breaking change. 

Should `beacon_engine_getBlobs` be refactored globally? For example, we could move the version into a `version` label, but all clients would need to agree on this approach.

For now, I'm in favor of getBlobV3.

Author: @KatyaRyazantseva, can you clarify? Are you saying you'd prefer a separate `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_requests_total` and `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_responses_total` metric?

Author: Duplicated the getBlobsV3 metrics.

#### Partial Data Column metrics (aka Cell-Level Dissemination)

| Name                                                | Metric type | Usage                                                                                  | Sample collection event                    |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_requests_total`           | Counter     | Total number of `engine_getBlobsV3` requests sent                                      | On sending `engine_getBlobsV2` requests    |
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_complete_responses_total` | Counter     | Total number of complete `engine_getBlobsV3` successful responses received             | On receiving `engine_getBlobsV2` responses |
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_partial_responses_total`  | Counter     | Total number of `engine_getBlobsV3` partial responses received                         | On receiving `engine_getBlobsV3` responses |

> | `beacon_engine_getBlobsV2_request_duration_seconds` | Histogram   | Duration of `engine_getBlobsV3` requests                                               | On `engine_getBlobsV2` request completion  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_requests_total`           | Counter     | Total number of `engine_getBlobsV3` requests sent                                      | On sending `engine_getBlobsV3` requests    |
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_complete_responses_total` | Counter     | Total number of complete `engine_getBlobsV3` successful responses received             | On receiving `engine_getBlobsV3` responses |
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_partial_responses_total`  | Counter     | Total number of `engine_getBlobsV3` partial responses received                         | On receiving `engine_getBlobsV3` responses |
| `beacon_engine_getBlobsV3_request_duration_seconds` | Histogram   | Duration of `engine_getBlobsV3` requests                                               | On `engine_getBlobsV3` request completion  |
```

> | `p2p_pubsub_rpc_sent_pub_size_total`                | Counter     | Total size of publish messages sent via RPC. Labels: `topic`, `is_partial` (bool)      | On pubsub RPC publish                      |

Reviewer 3: What do you think about naming `p2p_pubsub_rpc_sent_pub_size_total` `gossipsub_rpc_sent_pub_size_total` instead?

Author: No opinion. Do you have an opinion @kasey?

Author: In an effort to unblock, I'll assume no objection and switch it. Feel free to reopen this to continue discussion.

> | `gossipsub_pubsub_rpc_sent_pub_size_total`          | Counter     | Total size of publish messages sent via RPC. Labels: `topic`, `is_partial` (bool)      | On pubsub RPC publish                      |

Reviewer 4: in Lighthouse this already existed with `gossipsub_topic_msg_sent_bytes` . I now added a field in the label to allow filtering for `partial` messages

Author: I think we can probably change the prysm one to much this since I added it recently. wdyt @aarshkshah1992?

Author: Discussed with @kasey in the call, and we can match Lighthouse here.

Author: Updated in f5cd0837ec6b

> | `gossipsub_mesh_partial_message_capable_peers`      | Gauge       | Number of partial-message capable peers in mesh. Labels: `topic`                       | On mesh peer update                        |

Reviewer 4: Lighthouse already had `gossipsub_mesh_peer_counts` . I now added a field in the label to allow to filter `supports_partial` for peers that support partial messages on the topic

Author: I named this `gossipsub_mesh_peers` in Prysm. Since we just added this, I think we can rename this on the prysm side: https://github.com/MarcoPolo/prysm/blob/a82edc7fbc5f69f9248fa296209f2158731b19be/beacon-chain/p2p/monitoring.go#L203. wdyt @aarshkshah1992?

Author: Discussed with @kasey in the call, and we can match Lighthouse here.

Author: Updated in f5cd0837ec6b

| `beacon_partial_message_useful_cells_total`         | Counter     | Number of useful cells received via a partial message. Labels: `topic`            | On useful partial message reception        |
| `beacon_partial_message_cells_received_total`       | Counter     | Number of total cells received via a partial message. Labels: `topic`             | On partial message reception               |
| `beacon_useful_full_columns_received_total`         | Counter     | Number of useful full columns (any cell being useful) received. Labels: `topic`   | On useful full column reception            |

> | `beacon_partial_message_column_completions_total`   | Counter     | How often the partial message first completed the column. Labels: `topic`         | On column completion by partial message    |

Reviewer 3: What do you think about using the column index instead of the topic? 

At the point in Lighthouse we are far beyond the networking stack, so having the topic as label is very inconvenient.

Reviewer: column index should match topic right? So it should be fine to use either or ?

Reviewer 3: I read `topic` as "whole topic name", so `/eth2/<forkdigest>/data_column_sidecar_n/snappy`

Author: column index sounds find to me.
